heading up to bear mountain
and today I am meeting up with guy that
follows me on facebook so I'm assuming
he's follow me on youtube
his name is Stella variance to the
outlaw devout stead of our most divine
law stella van oh oh I don't know it's
anything but let me think about three
seconds celery Trevor Trevor on Trayvon
no trabajo provando 707 no este punto I
don't know yeah sarah van driven Oh
Sarah Vaughn sorry ova tell Yvonne know
30 around no I think that's it sorry
about no that sounds better sorry about
no I'll find out when I get there I hope
I the massacre it is from the Nile which
is actually my hometown and I was power
hour and a half north of year
and he's working up the bleeds up in
Fort McMurray and if you don't know
where Fort McMurray is it's about as
close as you can get to the middle of
nowhere alberta northern Alberta oil
town way up there north where things are
quite cold and miserable study about law
study a patent law today battle to the
bomb I don't if he's watching this I
apologize because i'm a terrible
linguist linguist i'm terrible at
linguistics so I'd be a terrible
linguist that's right kind of gear yeah
i'm fining you find another gear and
this is actually my first ride in about
like four days I've been camping north
island with my my son's scout camp our
Scout boys Scout troop I can't speak
today anyways been up there for I went
up there for a three-day winter camp in
the snow wouldn't if you watch my
facebook page you probably saw a couple
photos i posted i got a little bit of
video i'll probably show you
and then get an idea of what I was doing
but yeah it kind of feels no she feels a
little weird today I think I think her
front brakes might be a little bit a
little bit of rust on the on the rotor
little squeaky squeaky right now but
this seems weird riding her for the
first time in a couple days all right
now we're going to drive around see if
we can find them I'm pretty sure I know
what he looks like and I pretty sure I
know what area he's going to be in which
is down here I was getting married it
would be down here just do a little spin
around it'll fly by cp's inside
No
let's go up here
it's funny cuz I never asked him where
you'd actually be
I figured ah their Mountain small I'll
find it but I could be wrong
hey Dan good nice to meet ya steady
vanil today Severine severiano or sir
savvy nice good to meet you mount zoo
I'm glad you're inside I thought you
were fly by and see you but Kim very
good to meet you in person so uh who's
getting married today friend of yours
yeah nice from victoria from the Nile
all right excellent well oh how is that
up there ah yeah yeah yeah no kidding
now you get to see the unmasking many
people do know yeah I fort mcmurray I
stayed I live in to catch one two three
years
so this is yeah it's kind of surreal yep
really weird measures kind of weird for
you probably had this image of what I
was going to look like flowing block
actually I had that many years ago like
her turn 35 and luckily I'm married so I
don't the try-hard anymore why should
get a picture of you you all right going
on facebook yeah as you get a picture of
you with the bike hey bud can you do me
a favor you just take a quick photo here
for us you just set set us up here
brother yeah thanks yeah it works so
good alright all you have to do is uh I
got the same one hey excellent day here
I'll get behind you so the bike right on
nice thank you sir appreciate it all
right i'll update my status when i get
home that's cool well Matt it's good to
meet you you to appreciate you taking
the time oh and hope hopefully have a
video out here in the next week here I
got a couple sitting in the Edit studio
now I'll know LOLOL Lincoln ello ello
ello Lincoln okay got it yeah I've seen
you before I just didn't have a
connection between you and Facebook cool
pictures by the way the wedding photos
yeah was that down like the lagoon in
the Nile no that was in oh yeah nice
place that's where i went from my my
wedding i get away after we got married
time to marry a nice place excellent
well have fun with your friends say
hello for me and we'll talk to you in a
bit
well that was pretty cool it's very
surreal when you meet somebody that's
been following you on YouTube and you've
actually communicated on YouTube and
Facebook and then you meet them for real
and it's kind of weird really you know
we've all come from the same the same
hometown nanaimo and
and he said he's down here in Victoria
for a wedding for his uh his buddy we
have a little chitchat there and sure
I'm sure when I pulled my helmet off
he's got like oh oh hey Wow whatever oh
it's fun all right guys I'm gonna leave
you with the soothing sounds of a WR 250
I should be shifting down but I kind of
like the saga